## Setup and Launch Instructions

1. Clone the repository or download the source code to your local machine.

2. Install all dependencies using npm (Node Package Manager) by running the
   following command:

   `npm install`

3. After the installation is complete, start the local development server by
   running the following command:

   `npm start`

4. Once the server is up and running, open your web browser and visit the
   [http://localhost:1234](http://localhost:1234) to access the website

5. Explore the website and interact with the various sections

## List of Technologies

**HTML5**

**Vanilla JavaScript**

**SCSS (SASS)**

**JSON**

**IntersectionObserver API**

**LocalStorage**

**Swiper.js**

**Parcel**

## Features

### 1. Cross-Browser Compatibility:

The website works seamlessly across different devices and screen sizes. It has
been thoroughly tested on popular web browsers like Google Chrome, Mozilla
Firefox, Opera, and Microsoft Edge to ensure a consistent experience for all
users.

### 2. BEM Methodology:

The website follows the BEM (Block Element Modifier) methodology, a modular
approach to writing clean and maintainable CSS. BEM ensures consistency in code
structure and class naming, making it easier to manage styles and avoid style
conflicts.

### 3. Smooth Animations:

Animations throughout the website are designed to be gradual and smooth,
providing a visually appealing and enjoyable user experience. From the
navigation menu to the fade-in effects of various elements, the animations
enhance the overall aesthetics of the website.

### 4. Page Loading Animation:

Before the main content loads, users are greeted with an engaging page loading
animation. This animation features at least five moving elements and runs for 5
seconds, after which the main page content appears.

### 5. Progress Bar:

The website features a progress bar located below the navigation menu. It
visually indicates the user's progress as they scroll through the page, helping
them keep track of their position.

### 6. Dynamic Project Filtering:

In the "What We Do" section, projects are filtered dynamically based on user
selections. The projects are fetched from an external resource using JSON and
JavaScript, providing an interactive and customizable experience for users.

### 6. Testimonials Carousel:

The "Testimonials" section offers a carousel that allows users to switch between
six different testimonials. The carousel is powered by the popular library
"Swiper.js," which enables smooth and continuous transitions, creating an
engaging testimonial display. With Swiper.js, users can effortlessly navigate
through the testimonials using touch or mouse drag gestures on both desktop and
mobile devices. This dynamic carousel functionality enhances the overall user
experience and adds a polished and professional touch to the website.

### 7. Smooth News Item Appearances:

In the "LatestNews" section, each news item smoothly fades in every time the
user scrolls to the section or navigates through the header. This creates an
elegant and fluid transition for a seamless reading experience.

### 8. Form Input Validation:

The "Don't forget..." section includes a form with input validation for name and
email fields. Incorrectly filled forms trigger error messages to guide users in
correcting their inputs.

### 9. LocalStorage Data Saving:

Correctly filled form data in the "Don't forget..." section is saved to
LocalStorage, ensuring that users' information is retained even if they leave or
refresh the page.

### 10. Customized Greeting Animation:

If a user enters "Sigma" as their name in the form, they are greeted with a
special animation and a discount offer displayed for 5 seconds.

### 11. Social Media Links and Automatic Copyright Update:

The footer contains links to the website's social media profiles. Additionally,
the copyright year automatically updates to the current year.

### 12. Dran and Drop:

The Drag and Drop feature allows users to effortlessly interact with various
elements by simply dragging them and dropping them into desired locations. This
intuitive functionality enhances user experience and streamlines their workflow,
making it easier to manage and manipulate items within the website.
